# Terms of use jsc-cordex data exchange server for EURO-CORDEX-CMIP6 simulations

Version: 2024-09-30

## (i) Conditions of access

Access to the data is limited to persons contributing to EURO-CORDEX-CMIP6 
either with analysis or model simulations or both. Each organization must have 
a main contact person who is listed in some official simulation inventory. More 
than one person from an institution may be granted access to the data but they 
must be vouched for by the main contact; the main contact also informs the data 
server point of contact if a person from the institution leaves, then the 
account is erased and access privileges are transferred to the main contact. If 
the main contact changes, reflected in the simulation inventory, the point of 
contact for the jsc-cordex data server at Jülich Supercomputing Centre (JSC) 
shall be informed (jsc-cordex POC: Klaus Goergen).

## (ii) Conditions of use

The data generated through the EURO-CORDEX-CMIP6 experiments and stored on 
jsc-cordex is used for internal EURO-CORDEX studies and analyses and is not 
available outside the EURO-CORDEX consortium. 

When using the ensemble for a study the data request should be directed to the 
entire consortium and co-authorship should be offered to modelling groups if 
their simulations are used in a study. If co-authorship is accepted a 
good-faith effort to contribute to writing and analysis should be made. The 
number of co-authors from each contributor is up to the lead author of the 
study but a maximum of two is recommended. 

If you use this data, please acknowledge also the storage service: 
**"The authors gratefully acknowledge the research data exchange infrastructure 
and services provided by the Jülich Supercomputing Centre, Germany, as part of 
the JSC-Cloud and Helmholtz Data Federation initiatives."**

## (iii) Access to the joint storage

The data from EURO-CORDEX-CMIP6 simulations is shared within the EURO-CORDEX 
community by data exchange server at Jülich Supercomputing Centre JSC 
(POC: Klaus Goergen).

## (iv) External dissemination

Storage on jsc-cordex is only temporary. The aim is for all simulation data to 
be made available via the ESGF eventually. At such a time these Terms of Use 
are replaced by the general CORDEX and ESGF Terms of Use.